Yelp
Joe Dumpster
1.0 (10 reviews)
Unclaimed 
Dumpster Rental
Open6:00 AM - 8:00 PM
Do you recommend this business?

Photos & videos	
See all 12 photos

Joe Dumpster - Austin, TX
Joe Dumpster - Austin, TX
Joe Dumpster - Austin, TX
Joe Dumpster - Initial charge and then a second charge on April 1st placed that was never discussed.  Services were paid in full on March 26th.  Fraud! - Austin, TX
Joe Dumpster - One of his companies - Austin, TX
Joe Dumpster - Austin, TX
Joe Dumpster - Austin, TX
Joe Dumpster - Austin, TX
Joe Dumpster - Austin, TX
Joe Dumpster - Austin, TX
Joe Dumpster - Austin, TX
Joe Dumpster - Austin, TX

Services Offered
Verified by Business 

Dumpster rental

Junk pickup

You Might Also Consider
Sponsored
Austin Dumpsters

4.0 (1 review)
Give us a call today for your free Quote! Welcome to Austin Dumpsters LLC, your trusted partner for streamlined and reliable dumpster rentals right here in Austin. When you need a dumpster for your project, whether it's landscaping,…read more
in Dumpster Rental

Zilker Junk Removal

5.0 (3 reviews)
Junk Removal in Austin, TX – Fast, Affordable & Fully Ready to Haul. Need junk gone yesterday? We haul it all—old mattresses, broken fridges, yard debris, garage cleanouts, hoarder-level chaos—you name it, we’ve seen it (and yes, we…read more
in Junk Removal & Hauling

About the Business
Say goodbye to unwanted junk with Joe Dumpsters Rent & Junk Removal. We are your trusted
partner for dumpster rental in Austin, TX, offering fast, reliable residential and commercial services.
As a family-owned and -operated business, we understand the value of quick turnarounds and exc…

Location & Hours	
Suggest an edit

Map
Austin, TX 78744

Southeast Austin

Mon

6:00 AM - 8:00 PM

Tue

6:00 AM - 8:00 PM

Wed

6:00 AM - 8:00 PM

Open now
Thu

6:00 AM - 8:00 PM

Fri

6:00 AM - 8:00 PM

Sat

6:00 AM - 8:00 PM

Sun

6:00 AM - 8:00 PM

Amenities and More
Accepts credit cards

Ask the Community	
Ask a question

Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about Joe Dumpster.

People also searched for
Trash Removal Services

Dump

Card

Dump Truck Companies

Appliance

Residential Trash Service

Recommended Reviews
Your trust is our priority, so businesses can't pay to alter or remove their reviews. Learn more about reviews.
Username
Location
000
Choose a star rating on a scale of 1 to 5





Select your rating

Start your review of Joe Dumpster
Overall rating

10 reviews
5 stars

4 stars

3 stars

2 stars

1 star


Yelp Sort

Filter by rating
Search reviews
 
Search reviews
Damien R.
Southeast Austin, TX, TX
0100
Apr 8, 2026
It looks like this company is still doing shady business. The drop off was smooth. Was charged one price as agreed. Then reordered the exact same dumpster. They double billed and then billed an additional random charge a few days later. Of course contacting them goes to voicemail. Even emailing does nothing. Their website tx-dumpsters-co.com is a scam too.

How are they still able to do this? Scammers for sure.


Brittney G.
FL, FL
020
Nov 15, 2025
Delivery window was supposed to be from 8:30-9:30. I drove from an hour away to be there for the delivery and while 39 weeks pregnant I waited over 2 hours in no AC for them to arrive. I called multiple times in which they did answer but provided me with no updates. I ended up just leaving and continued to try to call throughout the day where nobody picked up. 3pm rolled around and my husband ended up just leaving a voicemail telling them to not even bother at this point.


Neil S.
Austin, TX
030
Nov 5, 2025
multiple charges for the same service, including some that posted months later. Do not do business with this company


Victoria K.
Round Rock, TX
102415
Mar 9, 2025
scam and fraud. do not hire! they will double charge your card without any consent!!! they have different company names. they post on facebook marketplace dumpster rentals under different names.
its either joe's dumpster, georgetown dumpster rental
do not hire and report to authorities.


Damian H.
Dripping Springs, TX
010
Mar 3, 2025
Double charges, they will provide you with the initial dumpster service, and 1 month later you will receive another charge for a second dumpster delivery that you never ordered.
good luck getting your refund


Weiwei Z.
Downtown, Austin, TX
010
Jun 17, 2025
They are scammers. They charged me over $1500 for 5200 pounds. They charged me repeatedly without any detailed information. A bill popped up every few days. They also steal your credit card number.


S Y.
Austin, TX
677280
Nov 22, 2022
Booking was smooth but once the dumpster is off, you are doomed.

Incorrect invoices, random charges and made up descriptions, text spams (6 times in 2 hours) for payment and charging your CC on record without consent. Yes, they keep your CC on records! Be aware!

I should've look at Yelp instead of booking via FB ads.

Good luck if you are running. Worse construction nightmare even if I wanted to support small and local businesses.


Aldair S.
Silverado Mobile Home Park, Pflugerville, TX
19450
Jan 2, 2024
Terrible company. Do not deal with them. The owner started screaming and insulting the customer when he was being asked why they picked up the dumpster early. They picked up the dumpster early without notifying me and entered my property without my consent. The owner is also a liar. They also applied wrongful charge on my account and when asked about it they said they would remove it but they never did. I wish I had seen their reviews before hiring them


Don N.
Pflugerville, TX
330
Jul 28, 2022
Watch out everyone, this business is 100% a scam. When they take your credit card payment. They save it as a recurring payment without your permission. I was charged an additional $163 dollars 5 days after pick up for living outside their service area. I live in Cedar Park half a mile from the Austin boarder. This wasn't an issue or mentioned at the time of booking. Do yourself a favor and stay far away from this company.


O C.
TX, TX
120
Jul 18, 2022
First to Review
Th the delivery and pick up were seamless. However we were told while the gentleman was delivering the truck that if we wanted it extra days it would be $10 extra day. I called back on the third day stating that we would need it more than 7 days and he said okay the first 3 days is $10 after that it's $20 each. I told him that was fine and when we got the invoice and the money was already taken out of my account they charged me $300 extra dollars one for the dump fee, one for the travel fee, and then $180 extra for the six extra days that we had it. I called and spoke to them and they stated that they would give me a refund of $70 based on what we had spoken about and the text messages between us about the $10 and $20 days. I assume that they would do that and it has been 6 weeks I've called them three or four times, I spoke to Jeremy and he stated, "oh we had to reissue the refund" it should have been at my bank account last monday. I called him again and he hasn't answered until this morning when "David" answered the phone I asked for Jeremy and the gentleman on the phone sounded just like him and he said oh this is David let me give the phone to jeremy. He hung the phone up, I called back and he is refusing to answer now. Do not use this company.

I wanted to use a local company to give locals money however if this is how they do business I'm not doing business with them again and I don't wish anybody to do business with them. They don't tell you the overall cost and they add the cost to the dumpster.